# Car-Rental-System
# Objective 
The purpose of “Car Rental System” is to automate the existing manual system by the help of computerized equipments and full-fledged computer software, fulfilling their requirements, so that their valuable information can be stored for a longer period with easy accessing and manipulation of the same. The required software and hardware are easily available and easy to work with. The information of customer, car, booking, vehicle and verification. Every car rental system has different car needs; This is designed to assist in strategic planning, and will help you ensure that your organization is equipped with the right level of information and details for your future goals.this project  lead to error free, secure, reliable and fast management system. 
This Car Rental System project is designed to aid the car rental company to enable renting of cars through an application system. It helps the customers to search for available cars view profile and book the cars for the time period. It has a user-friendly interface which helps the customer to check for cars and rent. The rental cars shall be categorized into economy, premium etc. Based on the type of car required by the customer, the user shall be able to make bookings. The use of internet technology has made it easy for the customers to rent a car any time. This Car Rental System makes the bookings easy. It collects the information such as the date and time of journey, type of car etc. Also, it will need an customer id. Using these details, the customer to book a car for the journey. Vehicle Rental Management System helps in automating all the services like booking, vehicle details, driver details, vehicle management. Car rental companies run by purchasing or leasing several fleet vehicles and renting them to their purchasers. 
